### 问题：

**DroidEcho: an in-depth dissection of malicious behaviors in Android applications** 

- We conduct an in-depth static analysis through the graph with the guidance of attack model, and generate a full path with the trigger and the predicates that guarantee the occurrence of these behaviors. 如何理解这里的predicates？

  这里应该是要把predicate当成断言，要为真。

- arg is either **the base of the API**(static methods do not have a base),or the arguments.

  the base of the API指什么？

- taint analysis的搜索空间，要去了解下taint analysis



**When Malware is Packin’ Heat; Limits of Machine Learning Classifiers Based on Static Analysis Features** 

- The fact that we built the dataset mainly based on the runtime behavior of samples gives us high confidence in our ground truth labels. 为什么？runtime behavior具体指什么？如果就是运行时间的话，恶意与正常软件有大区别吗？

  文章利用了Deep Packer Inspector

  Deep Packer Inspector (dpi): We used dpi [110] to further analyze each sample. This framework measures the runtime complexity of packers. Adding an extra dynamic engine helps us to identify packed executables that are not detected as packed by the first dynamic engine. For example, the host configuration might make the sample terminate before the unpacking process starts.

- Consequently, a na¨ıve detection approach only based on static features from packed samples will be heavily biased towards associating packing with malicious behavior.其中的navie detection指什么样的检测？



**Collusive Data Leak and More: Large-scale Threat Analysis of Inter-app Communications** 

- Our system design aims to balance the accuracy of static ICC resolution/data-flow analysis and run-time scalability. 这里不是很懂是什么意思？
- Components communicate using URIs and Intents. URI指什么？ 统一资源标识符（Uniform Resource Identifier，URI) 吗？是的话又和components communicate有什么关系呢？